We've now successfully purchased our first ticket.
So for me personally, I have purchased first client ticket right here.
If I view that ticket and try to purchase it again, I am told ticket is already reserved.
So as I mentioned at the end of the last video, we should probably try to filter this list right here
and only show tickets that are still available for purchase.
So to do so, we can open up our ticket service, find the route handler that is serving up a list of
tickets, and probably alter the query that we are making inside there so that we only return tickets
that are still available.
Okay.
Back inside, my editor.
I'm going to find the ticket service.
Inside there, I'll find the roots folder and then index keys.
So this is the route handler that we are making a request to whenever we get that big list of tickets.
And this is the query that we are actually issuing.
So you might recall from our models tickets file our different ticket documents might have in order
ID property.
It is the presence of that order ID property that indicates that a ticket is currently reserved and
cannot be ordered.
So when we write out the query back inside of our route handler to find a list of all of the different
tickets, we can add on a little filter or a little bit of criteria for the query.
We could say only give us tickets where the order ID property is undefined or essentially not set.
So inside that object I'm going to put in order id undefined find all the tickets that don't have a
corresponding order.
So let's save that.
And now if I flip back over, refresh the page, I'll see only the ticket remaining that I have not
created in order for if I now view that ticket, click on purchase.
I have created an order for that.
And if I go back over to my big list of tickets now that big list is empty.
As soon as that order expires.
So I'm not going to pay for it.
I'm going to let it expire.
And as soon as it expires, if I then refresh this page, I should see that ticket up here back on this
list.
That was a pretty straightforward solution.
Now we still have a little bit of stuff to take care of inside of our app.
For example, I would really like to have some links inside the header, so maybe a link right here
to create a new ticket.
That's really the goal of this sell tickets link.
And we should probably also list out all the different orders that the user has successfully created
and paid for.
So we'll create one last page to handle a listing of my orders or orders that correspond to a very particular
user.
There's still a little bit left.
Let's continue in just a moment.